Update changelog for beta.21 (#384)
mapbox/mapbox-maps-android: CHANGELOG.md

Mapbox welcomes participation and contributions from everyone.

# 10.0.0-beta.21- June 3, 2021
## Breaking changes ⚠️

> * Align load style functions for MapboxMap and Snapshotter. ([#371](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/371))

Reviewer: could we also suggest the specific API change, like:
```
Snapshotter.setUri(uri: String) -> Snapshotter.setStyleUri(styleUri: String)
Snapshotter.getUri()-> Snapshotter.getStyleUri()
Snapshotter.setJson(styleJson: String) -> Snapshotter.setStyleJson(styleJson: String)
Snapshotter.getJson()-> Snapshotter.getStyleJson()
MapboxMap.loadStyleJSON(styleJson: String) -> MapboxMap.loadStyleJson(styleJson: String)
``` 

But maybe this can be part of the release note instead of change log.

Author: Yes, let's put it in the release note.

* Change the default ambient cache path to `.mabox/maps/ambient_cache.db` ([#373](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/373))
* Move text-font property from PointAnnotation to PointAnnotationManager ([#375](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/375))

> * Delete CredentialsManager ([#365](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/365))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Remove CredentialsManager in favour of ResourceOptionsManager ([#365](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/365))
```

## Features ✨ and improvements 🏁
* Rework setPrefetchZoomDelta to reduce loading of expensive tiles and optimize zoom use-case (#1850)
* Send billing event when Map is loaded 

## Bug fixes 🐞
* Fixed an issue that causes OnStyleLoaded callback not fired when there's a sprite loading error. ([#358](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/358))
* Update map camera on first animator update. ([#352](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/352))
* Fix crash due to missing access token ([#365](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/365))

> * Delete CredentialsManager ([#365](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/365))

Reviewer: This is a breaking change
